c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.pdb
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.dll
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.xml
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.exe
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.pdb
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.dll
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\ConverterTabela.dll
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.pdb
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\ConverterTabela.pdb
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe.config
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe.config
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.exe
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.pdb
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.pdb
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\Testes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\Testes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.dll
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\Testes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.dll
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\Testes\bin\Debug\ConverterTabela.dll
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\Testes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\Testes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.xml
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\Testes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.pdb
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\Testes\bin\Debug\ConverterTabela.pdb
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe.config
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.exe
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe.config
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.exe
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\ConverterTabela.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.xml
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\ConverterTabela.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe.config
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.exe
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\ConverterTabela.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.xml
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\ConverterTabela.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe.config
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.exe
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.pdb
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.pdb
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.dll
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\ConverterTabela.dll
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.dll
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.xml
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\ConverterTabela.pdb
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.pdb
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe.config
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.exe
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\ConverterTabela.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.xml
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\ConverterTabela.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe.config
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.exe
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.pdb
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.pdb
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.dll
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\ConverterTabela.dll
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.dll
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.xml
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\ConverterTabela.pdb
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.pdb
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe.config
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.exe
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.xml
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\DataBaseUtils.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\DataBaseUtils.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\git\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\Testes.exe.config
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\git\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\git\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.exe
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\git\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\obj\x86\Debug\Testes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\DataBaseUtils.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.xml
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\Testes\bin\Debug\DataBaseUtils.pdb
