c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll.config
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.dll
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.xml
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.dll
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\ConverterTabela.dll
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.pdb
c:\users\felipe.almeida1.senacedu\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\ConverterTabela.pdb
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll.config
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.dll
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.dll
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\ConverterTabela.dll
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\NeuronDotNet.Core.xml
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.pdb
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\ConverterTabela.pdb
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\felipe.almeida1.SENACEDU\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes - Cópia\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll.config
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\bin\Debug\RedeNeural_PrevisaoFinanceira.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\Lib-Geral\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll.config
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\Lib-Geral\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\Tcc\Redes\Lib-Geral\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\Lib-Geral\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll.config
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\Lib-Geral\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\Lib-Geral\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\Lib-Geral\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll.config
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\Lib-Geral\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\Lib-Geral\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc3\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\Lib-Geral\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\Lib-Geral\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\Tcc2\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\Lib-Geral\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\Lib-Geral\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc4\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\Lib-Geral\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\Lib-Geral\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
D:\Suporte\felipe.almeida\Desktop\tcc\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\Lib-Geral\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\Lib-Geral\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.dll
C:\Users\Felipe\Desktop\tcc_penDrive_Ultimo\Redes\08_05_CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes\obj\Debug\CaptacaoMelhoresRedes.pdb
